What's the use of what you like first?
This dress is the limit of the design of the British master
The amount is 1 million
What happened to 1 million?
I saw it first
Of course, you have to ask me first if I buy it or not.
Why bother?
Ask your dad has kicked you out of the Gu family
You stopped your card.
What do you pay 1 million
Swipe the card, Mr. Han
This dress belongs to my baby.
Haha, thank you, Mr. Han.
I know you are the best to me
Gu Nuannuan, are you going to rob me of everything?
Start robbing me of my dad first
Later, he robbed me of Gu's house
Now you want to grab even a piece of clothing from me
That's right, Gu Qingqing
I will rob everything from you
Everything about the family
Forget it, isn't it just a piece of clothing?
Can't I choose something else?
I want this one too
Hey sorry bro
Ok, don't believe it.
I'll take this one too.
Ok, Miss Gu, I'll give it to you.
Miss Gu, Mr. Han
These clothes are 5 million
Is it a direct credit card 5 million